When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    I would use a remote repository for two reasons. 
    One, to have another copy of my project as a backup on another system and location
    different than my local repository in my computer.
    Second, I would use it when I would collaborate with other users on a common project.
    This would benefit everyone to work towards a common goal and share your experience and 
    knowledge with other users online.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    So that you can review first what changes are made in a remote, possibly public, repository
    before you pull them to your local repository. This way you can see if you are up to date with the
    remote branch and see if its a good idea for you to pull the new commits as part of the remote branch
    to your local repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks can take place only on GitHub where you can copy the exact same
content of an existing online repository on GitHub to your account on GitHub.
Cloning can be between a remote (online GitHub repository) and your local
computer or from one repository on your local computer to another repository
on your local computer. Finally you can create a new branch and work on a new
feature only on a local repository. You can decide to merge your changes with
the master branch before deciding to push this new branch online on GitHub or
continue working on both local branches seperately.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    In case you have to be offline for a while and need to work on a new
feature building upon the latest state of the remote repository. You can
After your new feature is developed locally you can see how much you are
diverged from the remote repository by doing git fetch. You can then decide to
merge your local feature with the latest state of the remote and then push the
changes to the remote.
